this video for our 7-inch android pc
tablet these tablets are the very latest
android 2.3 operating system so to begin
I'll open up the main menu now you see
along here we have the browser along the
top shows your google a few other bits
and pieces you know you calculated
calendar the usual bits you have your
email here you just need your email
address and password to configure your
email account to the tablet linked to
gmail you have your music player 3g a
video player and a link to youtube now
the most important part is the android
marketplace now as we've mentioned
previously when you're buying a tablet
please ensure that they come installed
with the genuine official android
marketplace now every tablet from
highland wholesale does come
pre-installed with the with the genuine
marketplace now on the last video we had
a few requests to show a download we
didn't do it because obviously a lot of
people know how to do it and but in this
video we're just going to quickly run
through how you do a download so you
click the market and it will bring this
up so we're just going to go into games
and then all games obviously if you're
aware of how to download from the market
and please just bear with us and you may
want to skip this part of the video it's
just for those who don't angry birds is
the top free so we'll go with that one
it's one that everybody knows they'll
bring you up a description of the app so
we just click here to install and okay
to accept the permissions and it will
tell you that your item will be
downloaded so we'll leave that
downloading in the background you'll see
at the top here in your notification bar
there's a little arrow so if i drag that
down it will show you that angry birds
is installing now it does take a little
bit of time so you will have to bear
with us right okay so we've taken it off
pause now we just paused it briefly
while stir it downloaded in the
background to save a little bit of time
now you'll see the progress bar at the
moment we're currently showing that
angry birds is ninety-seven percent
downloaded 98 so this but orange bar
will fill up as your app downloads in
the background
now it will go blank for a few seconds
until there it flashes up that it's then
installing the download remember this is
in your notification part of the tablet
so it will come up that it's installing
so again we'll just minimize map that
whilst it does that in the background
and you'll see at the top your green
arrow just letting you know that the
software's being installed onto the
tablet in case you need to check the
progress you simply yeah scroll your
notifications down from the top
successfully installed so then all we do
we come out of here and you'll see it's
then in your main menu now as on the
other tablets if you want to sort of
move anything about you simply press and
hold and it goes on to the main screen
of your tablet so you can customize the
desktop I think that about covers
everything and so once again thank you
for watching from all the staff at
Highland wholesale
you